Change chord keyboard default to Col and tidy up chord keyboard docs (#2738)
SynthstromAudible/DelugeFirmware: docs/features/chord_keyboard.md

  - Root, 5th, 3rd + Octave (Compound 3rd), 7th + Octave (Compound 7th), 5th + Octave (Compound 5th), 3rd + 2 * Octave (Double Compound 3rd), 2nd + 2 * Octave (Double Compound 2nd), 6th + Octave (Compound 6th), Octave, 5th, 7th, 3rd - Octave, 2nd
  - The final column is a triad based on the Root of the row with 5th, Compound 3rd above it.
  
**As the Chord Keyboard is still in development, the intervals chosen for each row are not final and may change in the future. We welcome feedback on the intervals chosen for each row.**
    

### Color Coding

In Column mode, Chords are colored based on their quality, and in Row mode, the Rows are based on the quality of the chord from that scale degree:

  - Major: Blue
  - Minor: Purple
  - Dominant: Cyan
  - Diminished: Green
  - Augmented: Greyish Blue
  - Other: Yellow

### Controls

turning either `◀︎▶︎` or  `▼︎▲︎` will move up or down by scale degrees.

#### Embedded Controls:

> Because the Chord Keyboard has more features than other keyboard layouts, embedded into the right couple columns of the main grid is are controls. Currently it includes controls for switching between Row Mode and Column Mode, with more features planned for the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the Chord Keyboard has more features than other keyboard layouts, embedded into the right couple columns of the main grid are controls. Currently it includes controls for switching between Row Mode and Column Mode, with more features planned for the future.
```

> Because the Chord Keyboard has more features than other keyboard layouts, embedded into the right couple columns of the main grid is are controls. Currently it includes controls for switching between Row Mode and Column Mode, with more features planned for the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the Chord Keyboard has more features than other keyboard layouts, controls are embedded into the two rightmost columns of the main grid. Currently it includes controls for switching between Row Mode and Column Mode, with more features planned for the future.
```

>   - At the top of the right most main grid column, you can select the current mode (`ROW` and `COLUMN`) by pressing the corresponding pad. It defaults to Column Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - At the top of the rightmost main grid column, you can select the current mode (`ROW` and `COLUMN`) by pressing the corresponding pad. It defaults to Column Mode.
```

---

## Chord Library Layout

The Chord Library Layout provides a comprehensive library of chords, making it easy to explore and use a wide variety of chord types.

### Features

#### Layout

Each column represents a note (chromatic, all 12 notes), with chords laid out vertically within each column. The first row contains root notes, the second row contains major triads, the third row contains minor triads, and so on.

Each column is a different color with the colors repeating on the octave. This is to help you quickly identify the root note of the chord you are looking for, no matter how high or low you have scrolled in the layout.

In scale mode, the chords with notes entirely within the scale are highlighted, while the chords with notes outside the scale are dimmed.

When out of scale mode, the final 2 columns change colors each 8 chords you scroll up to help you keep track of where you are in the layout as you scroll up and down. Other than these columns, the column of the root note of the key you are in is highlighted, while the all other columns are dimmed.
  
#### Controls

> Turning `◀︎▶︎` scrolls through the scale, allowing you to raise or lower the chords. Turning `▼︎▲︎` scrolls up to access more chords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning `◀︎▶︎` scrolls through the scale, allowing you to raise or lower the chords. Turning `▼︎▲︎` scrolls up or down to access more chords.
```

> Turning `◀︎▶︎` scrolls through the scale, allowing you to raise or lower the chords. Turning `▼︎▲︎` scrolls up to access more chords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning `◀︎▶︎` scrolls through the scale, allowing you to raise or lower the chords. Turning `▼︎▲︎` scrolls up or down to access more chords.
```

#### Voicing Adjustment

Holding a pad on a row and press and turning `◀︎▶︎` allows you to change the voicing for all the chords in that row simultaneously.

### Scale Considerations

The Chord Library will show chords utilizing both notes entirely in your current scale and not. With the current implementation of accidentals in the Deluge, if you record chords while in scale mode with out of scale notes, these will be added to your scale. A future update is in development to address this limitation.

### Notation

> In the interest of brevity, especially in the interest of display as much of the chord name as possible for the 7SEG Deluge, the Chord names use  a concise notation. The chords list the note name with no octave number, followed by the chord symbol. The main types of chord symbols used are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the interest of brevity, and to display as much of the chord name as possible for the 7SEG Deluge, the Chord names use  a concise notation. The chords list the note name with no octave number, followed by the chord symbol. The main types of chord symbols used are:
```
